is early in the season we had lost in
overtime against Rockford and we went to
Chicago and want to give it and that was
a moment where I said to myself this
group has great character great
leadership and I knew from that
standpoint it you know we were
struggling at that point but yet they
kept playing and kept on the rink and
working hard and knew they really had
the special characteristics it takes to
be a bit - you know one thing that I'm
cognizant of is is how important it is
to build a an organization program and
when you can you know any of our fans
have been great all year we want to
build lots of energy going into playoffs
and safer they give them something to
celebrate going to class and it's a
great thing yeah you know every year
means a lot to us we we have lost a few
get last few games and it looked like we
already talked about playoffs but with
we want to win every game you know and
it just didn't work for us lately but
finally it came came to
you're going spun around if the puck
donk was still down the boards for
Ferraro back Don post 18 seconds left
now we're on top of the right wing
circling goes on the devil should save
the remap door
seven years
well the earliest quarterly didn't score
again though
and the Griffins and the four-game
losing streak and open up the final
weekend of the regular season on a
positive note something they really
needed and they just flashed up on the
board
Midwest Division champions the Grand
Rapids Griffin what a wonderful season
it has been to watch here in Grand
Rapids fun and boy you just get the
feeling with the chemistry these guys
have the talent they have on the ice
regardless of if they get anybody back
from Detroit or not and boy that could
be a whole nother story this is a team
that will be able to play for a cup this
year we've got a legitimate contender
one thing we do know is we've got a
division champ for the first time in
seven years
I think you know as I said earlier in
the week as a team you want to leave
your stamp on the organization so this
is a first step for the team to leave
their stamp and and certainly for the
fans I think it's a great thing and for
our ownership and everybody involved
with the girls I think it's a great
first step
get some quick you're under out the
so I obviously just for the leadership
to lead us to this point so this goes
the old sorry captain's there all right
so a couple things here great job you
said you get a chance leave you step in
a first stamina on this for this
organization that's great okay so now
what we got to do and we do cut start
money we got to be plain great on so
that we got to keep the pedal down here
we'll we'll have a few guys in if you
guys out but it doesn't change our focus
are going in to try to win tomorrow
night and we got to keep the pedal down
playing great hockey going into the
playoffs and okay great job